Possible Elements and Classes
=============================

`SECTION` (chapter)
-------------------
#### Must have
* **class:** `chapter`

#### possible child elements
* `P`
* `FIGURE`

`P` (paragraph)
---------------
#### possible child elements
* `SPAN`

#### classes
* **`.m1` — `.m10`** top margin with a height of 1 — 10 line-height
* **`.small`** makes the font-size and line-height of that paragraph smaller, changes font-style to italic

`FIGURE` (figure)
-----------------
#### possible child elements
* `IMG`
* `IFRAME`

#### classes
* **`.w1` — `.w12`** sets the width of this element to the given column amoun
* **`.h1` — `.h12`** sets the height of that element to the given multiple of a line-height
* **`.m1` — `.m10`** sets the top margin to the given multiple of a line-height

`SPAN` (span)
------------
#### possible child elements
* individual characters

#### classes
* **`.t1` — `.t12`** moves the left side of that span to the given tab stop, text-align is left
* **`.tr1` — `.tr12`** move the right side of that span to the given tab stop, text-align is right

Element Options
===============
Element options are added to any element (unless otherwise stated) by giving it a data attribute. For example to set the typespeed to 1000ms you add `data-typespeed="1000"`

### `typespeed`

* **inherited:** yes
* **value:** time in miliseconds for each character.

If applied to an element, that is not a character, the value will be inherited by its children, thereby setting all characters of an element to a certain typespeed

Debug Options
=============

If you want to set a global option on startup you can add it as a query to the url. For example to set the grid flag to true and the noanimation flag to false add `?grid=1&noanimation=0`.

#### `grid`

* **type:** `boolean`
* **default:** `false`
* **short-cut to toggle:** `CTRL`+`G`

Shows the basic grid.

#### `superGrid`

* **type:** `boolean`
* **default:** `false`
* **short-cut to toggle:** `CTRL`+`SHIFT`+`G`

Shows additional information about the positioning of elements.

#### `noAnimation`

* **type:** `boolean`
* **default:** `false`
* **short-cut to toggle:** `CTRL`+`A`

Doesn’t show any animation, content is displayed immediately. NoAnimation also has the same effect as `allowScroll`.

#### `allowScroll`

* **type:** `boolean`
* **default:** `false`
* **short-cut to toggle:** `CTRL`+`S`

When set to true, allows to user to scroll on their own. When set to false the user can’t scroll by default.

#### `defaultBasicTypeSpeed`

* **type:** `number`
* **default:** `50`

Changes the default typespeed. Doesn’t influence elements with individual typespeeds.

#### `typeSpeedMultiplyer`

* **type:** `number`
* **default:** `1`
* **short-cut to increase:** `CTRL`+`+`
* **short-cut to decrease:** `CTRL`+`-`

Changes the typespeed by the given multiplyer. This affects all typespeeds.

Creating Distribution folder
============================

The distribution folder is automatically generated by a Grunt task. If you have npm and Grunt setup just run `grunt`

If you want to automatically watch for changes run `grunt w`

#### Livereload

If you are running the watch task and have the [Chrome livereload plugin](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/livereload/) installed you can automatically watch for changes on port `35729`.

[Get Lifereload for other browser](http://livereload.com/)

#### Setting up NPM and Grunt

If you don’t have NPM and Grunt installed have a look at the [Getting started guide](http://gruntjs.com/getting-started).

When you first pull the repo or when the dependencies have changed make sure to run `npm install` to download the necessary node modules.

